Well, we are back with more
lactating desserts that will make you happy
to your body and those around you
now let's make a loser press
that is going to look great this way
point the ingredients well since
but we will use
half a cup of oat flakes 2 cups
of natural yogurt from strawberries split
half and 2 tablespoons of mashed sugar
now I have to say I'm going to
talk a little about who signed the
Kefir is a very rare yogurt that is
originally from the Caucasus the to get
sure bulgarian is very easy there are two
types of that if one is the one that is
fermented in water and the other is the one that
ferment in milk in this case you
you can get your own that here and it's
there with the Bulgarians put the milk and
they are going to ferment the milk and that
ferment what it achieves is the arm
bacilio and as we all know the
Lactobacilli regenerate all flora
intestinal and regenerating the flora
intestinal we have more facility to
absorb body nutrients
because they are like a few hairs and
these little hairs what they do is that
absorb nutrients and through
those hairs go through the nutrients
into the bloodstream and then it's
move towards the molecules or the cells
who need our body now
when the intestinal flora is
nonexistent and this happens has continued with
people who take a lot of laxatives
and it melts and then the
nutrients no longer pass also reaches
spend with people who have problems
that do not digest gluten or coeliacs
they also have flora problems
intestinal because it also degrades its
tissue of the flora and they run out of it and
generally it is very inflamed its
intestine then it is very convenient
also for this kind of people
make you suggest or take the
lactobacilli to be able to regenerate that
final speaker that is super useful for
all our organism who was going to
tell us that the intestine was the most
important of good nutrition come
let's make a mix of our
say that we did it well based on
Bulgarians in milk these are fermented
the Bulgarians sneak in and stay
with the yogurt that is this can be
buy also I've done
and then if they do not get it then
understanding a natural yogurt that has
added this lactobacilli or the
review alone or you can also buy
little that the game that is Arabic and also
It is made from ferments of
Lactobacilli that can help
also to regenerate that intestinal flora
that really made them not be
happy that the lactobacilli live
come on let's put here let's mix
the kefir
or Bulgarian yogurt
and we're going to mix it with the oatmeal and there
we're going to let it settle a bit now
the oatmeal is a super to me I love it is
a super cereal has a lot
properties plus it has a
Very nice texture in the mouth because
it's like soft it has a lot of fiber
the only thing is that in the vein is
contraindicated for patients who have
diabetes because what it can cause is
drop a lot of insulin and cause
then be saved
fat or extra sugar in the form of
fat in the body and this can cause
well to gain weight or failing to increase
the cholesterol that in itself must be
high in diabetics cholesterol
the blood then try not to do
many things with oats I give them a
option the option to my liking would be the
amaranth for me there is nothing that is
look like the amaranth I think it's the
best of the best serials that
we have in existence and that's why I
I think it was our our communion not
dare to say that something so small had
so many good things in the case of the
oatmeal we have a lot of protein we have is
of fiber we have vitamins from the complex
b we also have some vitamin c
we have calcium and this can help us
an optimization of the organism and we are going to
put this in a few glasses
as it has softened him a little
the oats with which they know that in the
pharmacy also then sell this I say
for people who have problems
already with gluten and that are celiac
fasting this lactobacillus vials
that have 2000 units of lactobacilli
and this can be also
taking every day to regenerate
regenerate all tissues of the
organism and but also the typical ones that
the typical ones are the other kind of yes
what it does is ferment the
piloncillo or juices or honey and
these things the lower part of cholesterol
and then it is also very good
we always have to rely on those in the
base on the microorganisms that end
being super good for the body he
never do not think the most German
vitamin b12 also impresses me is
a vitamin that is obtained through
the bugs is to say if the pacifier falls
of your child to the floor and have not spent more
of 5 seconds is the rule of 5
dried seconds and if not start over
5 seconds you can put it back
the pacifier and so will you acquire
of vitamin B vitamins and also not
be we that we fall something to the
floor and we pick it up what we have
touched something that is a bit dirty and
accidentally touch our mouth or
something like that what you achieve is to obtain this
vitamin b12 that activates a little bit all the
body metabolism who was going to
tell us everything is necessary in the world
well let's set up our little things
let's put a little of the firm
clear with oats and that's what we're going to
put it back to carotenes
beta carotene from strawberries and strawberries
they fascinate me it makes me a fruit
delicious
besides that it has a lot of
properties if it's the best fruits
that there is like to eliminate radicals
free
they can be sweet they can be eaten in
salads are ready and we're going to
add a little bit of mashed sugar
that is 9 dead and therefore has
fiber equally and it's only for
sweeten a little bit they will not throw
a little bit so much because our
organism does not need it and here we
we go to the year now we go to the table of
presentation
do not
Now we already know that desserts
It can also have an effect
beneficial to health today we did
two laxative desserts one jelly
nopal and one that is to go for strawberries and then
they look great and now they can
surprise your guests and your family
with desserts that have functions
organic and what they are going to do to us all
very happy believe me they will be us
very happy sometimes it's important to be
regenerating the intestinal flora is not
forget that because there they all know
the nutrients are super important
I hope you liked it, see you
tomorrow here in another broadcast of seasoning
art where the health of your family loses
in the kitchen